howdy y'all Clyde gubler here and I'm
with my good friend Huckle Billy Swift
say hey how do y'all how'd it go in
y'all listen I'm up here visiting my pal
hooker Billy and he was telling me
something last night and I didn't
believe them would you tell me Huckle
Billy I told him had a edward cullen
live next door on a second floor tell me
edward cullen lives in the second floor
an apartment right out there young
Edward colors the movie character a
right man I am believe about there
before walking his animals and before I
believe him but then I walked out there
this morning and I don't believe take a
look at this y'all come on let's take a
look have a look right there you see him
oh my gosh he's looking right at her get
back inside yeah hey doll you haven't
wait tho my thought I walked out there
this morning where I need to go my and
float I'm zoomed in and man ever told he
was staring down at me from that window
Hubble you're right hey I told you but
he did tell me I had another experience
with Everett last night did you know
that I thought I thought it was just a
dream or something but it must have been
real I did heard you're battling
something seen something about that ever
Cullen you do here you hear that
commotion last night I woke up in the
middle of night and I looked up and
Edward were standing there staring at me
and in the guest room up there where I
was sleeping hello whoop look I hate
going on and and I was like hey what are
you doing here and he just kind of
looked at me just stood there humming
hey boy I can see you he thought you
thought I couldn't see him or something
I'm like were you doing staring me and
he just kind of grabbed his nose and
turn like that no one grabbed his do it
no Gus mail or something dumped I smell
bad and he looked at me and he's like
he's like no man your scent is more
desirable
me then like a thousand times more
desirable to me than than most humans
and it's really hard for me to not kill
you and you know like drink your blood
and I like hold on a second you get out
of here sick fruit cup is that freaky or
curling up freak me out so I grabbed a
flashlight a hook bill he had a
flashlight ready for me right there I
shined it ride home and Edward it
backwards yeah he starts sparkling and
stuff and he's like generally he did a
little twist him John ever don't mess
with Clyde that's a period he just
disappeared dude I think you need to
move I need to get out of the city get
away from that weirdo
you